rescue teams have retrieved around 60
bodies from under the rubble in the shed
Shaya neighborhood of Gaza City that's
according to officials in the Hamas run
territory gaza's Civil Defense Agency
said the discovery came just hours after
Israeli troops withdrew from the area
images from the site showed the extent
of the destru destruction residents told
the AFP news agency that they returned
to find nearly all their homes had been
demolished Israel's military says it has
now completed its two we mission in
cheda and that its forces have moved on
to other parts of Gaza
City let's speak now to DW's senior
International correspondent funny fcha
who joins us now from Jerusalem funny
tell us more about this about the
Israeli offensive on Gaza
City we have definitely seen A Renewed
offensive by Israel this week in Gaza
Gaza City specifically the people on the
ground describe as one of the fiercest
weaks in this entire war and that been
going on for more than nine months in
fact the war entered its 10 months just
a few days ago and of course there is
this lingering question why is there is
there this focus on Gaza City because
most parts of it at least that's the
impression that Israel made a couple of
months ago were deemed to be cleared of
Hamas Hamas militants but Israel says
that they need to dismantle the whatever
the remaining capabilities of Hamas
militants are in that region so that
clearly indicates that possibly there's
been a regrouping of Hamas militants and
if there wasn't that there's still
infrastructure in there like tunnels but
any sort of infrastructure that helps
them to communicate and finance the
ongoing attacks also against Israel in
Gaza Strip against Israeli soldiers and
while this is going of course the
question there is how should people all
the hundreds of thousands who have
returned to Gaza City now leave towards
the South because they've been relocated
over and over and again and this is
obviously an active war zone funny
outside of Gaza City the intense
fighting across the strip is still
continuing tell us a bit more about
that exactly and this is very very
important to mention that the fighting
is not only in the north not only in in
Gaza City but in in central Gaza in the
in the South Rafa hunis Etc so we are
speaking about more than two million
people roughly two 2.1 million people
who are on the Move pretty much for the
past more than nine months and the
question is really if you drop Lea Flats
like Israel did on on Wednesday on the
citizens of Gaza City urging them to
leave declaring Gaza City a combat zone
where they should go to and how should
they leave we're not only talking about
people who have been traumatized who are
exhausted but we're also speaking about
people who simply cannot leave about the
elderly about children so all of that
combined really leaves in fact a lot of
Human Rights organizations at this point
speechless they're struggling to find
words to describe the devastating
humanitarian situation on the ground
while there is the the question what
about the political implications of the
renewed offensive in the north for
example while also bombardment is
ongoing in other parts of Gaza Strip am
must militants have indicated and said
that all the talks that are ongoing
right now with regard to a potential
ceasefire agreement or a framework
toward it could be put back on Square
One jeopardizing uh the entire talks
that are currently ongoing yeah let's
talk a bit more about that Fanny as you
say ceasefire talks are ongoing is there
any progress that's being made
the very fact that Egyptian negotiators
and Israeli negotiator negotiators are
talking right now there speaking of
course can be seen as a progress because
talks are ongoing well they started in
Doha and Qatar they are now in Egypt the
key mediators obviously at Qatar and
Egypt in this but obviously it's it
remains to be seen what the results of
the negotiations are and whether they're
going to be in fact put into action that
depends a lot on the trust of the people
involved and the negotiators involved
and specifically of Hamas militants and
Israel involved has to be heard in the
future we do not know yet tww senior
International correspondent funny faar
there in Jerusalem funny thank you